>> Brian Holt: This is how you would
deploy this application to the cloud.
And you could do this during,
using Microsoft Azure, and
I go literally step by step
here of how you would do that.
I'm not gonna do that for you right now,
but definitely go check it out.
>> Brian Holt: You can actually even
deploy directly from VSCode which is A+,
it's really easy.
Do I have it in.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, anyway.
>> Brian Holt: Anyone have questions
about deploying before I actually
move on to just wrap up the course?
>> Speaker 2: Well,
we find more information on this,
in the previous course
that you mentioned by
the same person who was
doing like a full stack.
>> Brian Holt: Jim does have,
he talks a lot about how to deploy code.
So mine shows you how to do it to Azure.
His shows you how to
do it to DigitalOcean.
So it's actually probably good
to look at both of those.
And there's another about working
with Amazon as well, right?
So who wrote that course?
>> Brian Holt: I don't remember.
There's another Frontend Masters course
about deploying to Amazon as well.
They're all slightly different.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, so what you're saying
is that this is like basically what we
need to know in order to do the thing.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: There's not
an extended other day course
that we would need to.
>> Brian Holt: It's a deep subject,
I mean there's a whole job that does that,
which is DevOps, right?
But this will get it out there and
working in production.
Yeah, for sure.
This is the first step.
>> Brian Holt: The complete first step for
sure.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
let's wrap this up a little bit.
So congratulations, you made up through
this like this is a grueling course
like I dumped a bunch of knowledge on you.
So the fact that you like
still upright in a chair or
mostly upright in a chair
[LAUGH] someone just fell over.
[LAUGH] Is it's an accomplishment
like this is tough stuff.
As soon a lot of people give
up way before this point.
So I know this is tough like I wrote it,
so I know how tough this was,
and I did not go easy on you.
But I wanted you to understand all
the different concepts that are like
the base level.
And if you definitely have
the base level knowledge now, for
being a frontend developer.
So you are prepared definitely to go
into something like a boot camp without
some interest deal.
You're definitely in a place that
you go on to do more courses and
on Frontend Masters.
You're definitely in a place
that you can teach yourself and
eventually get a job doing this.
So congratulations you're
more than halfway there.
>> Brian Holt: What's hard about web
development is that you have to understand
a lot of things in order to just start.
It's kinda like trying to like learn a new
language where you have to understand
a bunch of grammar before you can even
start speaking to someone which is tough.
So I got a bunch of advice for you,
the other thing that I wanted to point
out here, a lot of times it's just
knowing the vocabulary to Google,
that's half the battle.
So if you know how to Google something,
that means you know how to learn it.
So hopefully this gave you a whole bunch
of new vocabulary to Google answers to
your questions.
>> Brian Holt: So my final advice for
you, always ask questions.
If you get a job doing this, ask the
people around you until they're annoyed
with you, and then keep asking them.
And I'm not actually joking about that.
Ask so
many questions that you annoy yourself.
Because you will learn so much faster,
what we'll take you three hours
to figure out by yourself.
Someone can just say,
yeah, you do it this way.
It can save you so much time.
You will be a much better engineer.
I still has dumb questions all the time,
believe me.
I'm like asking address here and
to some of the people the I worked with is
like Brian asked dumb shit all the time.
[LAUGH] It's okay.
Please ask tons and
tons of questions, okay?
Google everything and
then Google it again when you forget it.
[LAUGH] I probably said that like six or
seven times over the course of this.
It's because I've heard so
many new engineers say,
like I feel like it's cheating to Google
things, and it's just not true at all.
Don't burn out, it's really with these
kinda things that are really difficult to
just go out in a flame of glory.
And when you truly, truly burn out,
which I have before, once.
I would open my computer and feel
panic because I was so stressed and so
sick of sitting in front of the computer.
So if you get there, it takes
a really long time to unravel that.
So recognize like when you're like
approaching to a point where you like
really can't handle this anymore.
Close your laptop, go outside,
go do something fun,
go do something you're excited about,
take some time off, go on vacation,
do all these things and
then come back to it.
Every developer will tell you
that one of the most effective
debugging techniques is walking
away from your computer.
So you close it go take a shower,
I have so many revelations in the shower.
And then okay, and
I come back and I fix my problem.
Sometimes that just takes my brain
all second to assimilate information.
I'll be thinking about like something
out and just pops out in my hand.
So that's another thing that
you should definitely do.
>> Brian Holt: If something interests you,
just chase it.
A lot of times people are trying
to get the most marketable skills,
I feel I have to learn React.
That's not the best way
to do this in my opinion.
This is just my opinion
in this particular case.
It's so much easier to chase something
that you're really excited about.
I just have a motivational problem
in general that I'll try it and
have to go learn something
that I just don't wanna do.
And then I get really
burnt out really quickly.
Whereas, I'm super excited about Machine
Learning and it's like go learn everything
I can about it, like you can't
tear me away from a computer.
It'll be 3 AM and
I'm like what am I doing with my life?
So that's really helpful to do.
Don't compare yourself to other people.
This is another problem that I see a lot
with new engineers, that they're like,
this person knows this and I don't
know it, and I feel dumb about it and
that sucks.
And it's not helpful, and
it's usually not true as well.
I was actually happy with
how I put it in here.
You have a perfect knowledge
of your short comings and
an imperfect knowledge of
their accomplishments.
This means, you are usually
underestimating yourself and
you're overestimating them.
So you don't know what
they are going through,
you don't know what they're
actually understanding.
So just comparing yourself to other
people It's not a winning game.
Compete against yourself,
I guess is what I'm trying to say.
Programming is a cycle of
feeling like an idiot and
feeling like the smartest
person in the world.
And it's a very,
very short cycle between the two.
And definitely do not let either one
of those feelings go to your head.
Don't let it get you down and
don't become a stuck up asshole.
>> Brian Holt: And then this one's just
kind of really important to me and
I just really wanted to say it out loud.
Which is the programming world has
recently been a world dominated
by white dudes, guys that look like this.
If you're a white guy, work extra hard to
make sure that everyone feels included,
and that's an active effort,
that takes volition to do that.
If you're not a white dude,
I'm not gonna give you advice,
cuz I'm sure it would not be any good.
But I would say seek advice from
people that are smarter than me and
that have been in the field.
But no matter what it takes everyone
working together to make the programming
world inclusive and inviting to everyone.
So I'm inviting you to
work hard on this problem
to make this a better place for everyone.
If you like the course,
please give it a star GitHub.
You can click here it'll take you there,
and you just click little star.
It helps me, and
it helps share this to other people
that might wanna see the course as well.
>> Brian Holt: And then here, you've kind
of seen these things down at the bottom
but if you wanna see all of these things
cheering on, you deserve all of these.
I asked them to kinda tell you
all these different things.
So definitely go check this out,
you deserve all these things
people are saying you did it.
The only people that can't become
developers are those that give up
too early.
It's things like that, it's really cool.
So there's like 60 of them in there
you should definitely go read them.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, does anyone have
any final questions before we wrap up?
>> Brian Holt: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Is there a person
on GitHub that you can think
of that actively asks for contributors?
>> Brian Holt: There is a tag.
>> Brian Holt: First of all,
Kent C Dodds is just really good at that.
First-time contributors to open source.
First timers only,
there are issues that they put out there,
that they will only let
first-timers solve.
So that one is really cool.
>> Brian Holt: Check that one out.
>> Brian Holt: Sometimes repose
will put first timers or easy for
people to getting introduced to projects,
so look at those tags in the projects.
Okay, I know React GS does it.
So Facebook/react.
If you go into here to their Issues,
Labels.
>> Brian Holt: They have these listed
by difficulty and good first issue.
That's a good one.
So you can see these ones they've
identified as things that you could
to today to contribute to React, right?
And lots of libraries have that.
Does that answer your question?
Cool.
>> Brian Holt: Good question.
Any other questions?
>> Brian Holt: Definitely contribute
to Open Source like that's a big
thing as well.
You don't have to as well.
The best thing you can like start to
contribute to open source is just using
Open Source.
Then you'll have an opinion about it and
when you have an opinion about it,
then you can make better
contributions to it.
Okay, I'm way over time, but
I'm so excited to have done this.
I'm so happy that you all stuck with me.
So thanks for coming and
please hit me up on Twitter, on GitHub,
LinkedIn, snail mail, I don't know,
whatever you wanna do.
All right, thank you.
>> Group: [APPLAUSE]